What has to be broken before you can use it?
I’m tall when I’m young, and I’m short when I’m old. What am I?
What month of the year has 28 days?
What is full of holes but still holds water?
The more of this you take, the more you leave behind. What is it?
What walks on four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, and three legs in the evening?
I speak without a mouth and hear without ears. I have no body, but I come alive with the wind. What am I?
The more of me you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?
I am not alive, but I grow; I don't have lungs, but I need air; I don't have a mouth, yet water kills me. What am I?
The person who makes it, sells it. The person who buys it never uses it. The person who uses it never knows they're using it. What is it?
The more you have of me, the less you see. What am I?
I have cities, but no houses. I have mountains, but no trees. I have water, but no fish. What am I?
What has to be broken before you can use it?
What is full of holes but still holds water?
What has hands but can’t clap?
What can travel around the world while staying in the same spot?
What can you catch but not throw?
What has one eye but can’t see?
What begins with T, ends with T, and has T in it?
What gets wetter the more it dries?
What goes up but never comes down?
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?
What has a head, a tail, but no body?
What runs all around a backyard, yet never moves?
What has words but never speaks?
What has keys but can’t open locks?
What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years?
I shave every day, but my beard stays the same. What am I?
The more you remove from me, the bigger I get. What am I?
What has an endless supply of letters but starts empty?
I have legs but never walk, I have a bed but never sleep. What am I?
What can fill a room but takes up no space?
What has a thumb and four fingers but isn’t alive?
What can’t talk but will reply when spoken to?
What has a neck but no head?
What gets sharper the more you use it?